[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Laughter] [Applause]
[Music] oh yeah
good tonight I've got what you want this is the good stuff that you've been waiting
for so pull off that throne take a seat on it
into those deep things of Satan with me tonight we're going to look
at the mystery itself in operation
I'm gonna take you directly to that spot and let you be Witnesses
lovely that we've got a couple of great great clips
welcome to Lady Babylon Bible study
[Music]
so now we've got to set the stage we've got to get into our ship we've got to go
back we're gonna go back to the Contemporary first we're gonna go back
to the Contemporary first and we're going to look at a right in performance
in actual performance this is something that some people will hold up in front
of your face they will sell it they will talk about it but they will
never unseal it tonight we are unsealing it I want to start off in order
in order to achieve this you know it takes a lot of gas so we're gonna have to pay
with a little necromancy which I know that you all love so tonight I want to bring back a little
patchmark I want you to be able to see through the eyes of those who've had the
purple Chewie hit it
[Music]
thank you [Music]
foreign
[Music]
is paying attention to the subliminal messaging we're with petrarch and we've
pulled him on fish it's all in there we have pulled up petrarch and we have
him now talking to her she is going to address him with those
Immortal eyes let's see what she says
[Music]
thank you
with that we bring the Necromancer back Through Time
remember the patriarch in his secretum yes he wrote a work called The Secret
and that is from the beginning of the secret and we're
going to go to the same place using his long fanished long
charred and devoured skin we're going to use that
petrique energy to power our ship to get us there to the right
yeah fantastic thank you Patrick um for those of you who don't know
Patrick also had a little red book from which he cast the sortes
and you say what of these sortes before we get there let's get past the
morons that are standing at the doors let's get past the morons how many of you raise your hand if you
have heard of the mithras liturgy
yes I see I see many of you have heard of it right and many of you have watched
shows on it show after show after show with all the explanations and the ideas
of what it possibly could mean yes
all the historical hoo-ha let's go to it let's go to we have to
get into that place we have to go there so I want to take you there and things
are going to get a little bit well it might feel
like you are on the journey so for those
of you who are there and have ears to hear get ready to get wound up are you ready here it comes let's bring up that
first text Chewie let's hit the hit the Greek she was nice but let's pull up the
Greek fantastic um can you yeah here put let me turn this around a little bit
um look what what is going on a little bit of Greek I'm not going to keep this up the whole time some of you like it
right off the front you know some of you get into it and it gets your spirit going you like it so for those of you I'm
going to bring this text but I'm not going to throw this thing up here the whole time he lost him
axio
[Music]
oh isn't that nice let me just translate that for you go ahead and leave it up Julie I gotta
read it too ilathi Moy this is from helasco my right he's trying to create
an area of reconciliation yeah it's the first thing
you do when you're powering your battery you know what I mean come on pay attention who is it with whom he is bringing that
Union those of you who worship Athena right
away will know who we're talking about isn't that nice the Virgin right up front right up front I don't smell male
Divine testicles for a mile [Music] isn't that beautiful
the Blessed Virgin and soul and so yeah
yeah for the one riding the Mysteries
that are without prophet unsalable
on unsellable Mysteries things that are given
for the sake of the instruction in the right yes what is
he asked for what does he ask for he says I ask for athanasian for his one
and only child he has directions to her in a minute do
you see where we've landed bring me off of there he has directions bring the thanks a little bit explore tonight
Chewie I told you to fix that okay it's okay it's a good thing Chewie's
here um I what exactly is happening this is
somebody who's writing for that one child and that one child
that is being initiated is a she and she
is looking for Asana
what is that we've got a Greek tonight our first Little Greek from Alice
where's Alice Alice come here come here tell me
tell me what is asanasia Alice you smell like a victorian's bedroom why is that
immortality okay I see it's just an alpha primitive plus the Thon root being
death rise just not death a state of not death wait a minute look at Roman
numeral number two an Elixir oh that's that makes me want to drink it when it says Elixir I don't care if it is a
poison right Elixir or antidote and you see that Galen uses it in connection
with the mithridatic theriac you are so
deep in the drugs at this point look we couldn't get two lines in this thing without being waist deep in drugs now
bring that down for a minute I just want you to notice we'll come back to that um for the we have an announcement by
the way devil wanted me to announce for those of you who have sold the mystery
please report immediately to the lowest level of Tartarus
for those of you who have sold the mystery please report to the lowest level of Tartarus thank you for your
cooperation let's go back to Alice here look at the
bottom what is athanasia that we're giving this girl what is it is it an
elixir on antidote look at that bottom line it's the same thing as Ambrosia and
what is ambrosia the next very next slide thanks
uh we're a little bit slow tonight look at that that's okay don't worry we'll get them tuned up later Ambrosia
immortality right immortality elixir of life as used by gods for food as perfume
as anguent oh isn't that nice oh look at all the
different iterations of this in Corinthians
right and we'll see that Ambrosia what is the Ambrosia the Ambrosia with the
capital A is a festival of Dionysus did you know that no you didn't did you know that you had to know that no you didn't
but here we are and there she is and this is what she's going through great any questions I'm just kidding
okay so let's keep peeking in right they don't say this
they don't say this in the other YouTube um uh bits
right we're not We're not gonna go there actually you know what we're gonna do we're gonna we're gonna sit around we're gonna look
at ourselves in the mirror we're gonna look at ourselves we're gonna say I want to see myself I want to see myself for
all my glory that's what we do and we don't want to do that here we want to see what's actually going on there's no
reason not to right we've got the great let's push let's push all my students
keep pushing yes let's go down to the uh
yeah let's go back to the first there we go okay so have mercy upon me prone noise
and psyche right for the one riding out the rights who doesn't have any sort of
motive for selling them right I want the
athanasia for my one girl tell me you must die tell me you were
involved in the right you who have been initiated into our
great power oh isn't that nice this is what he's It's a Wonderful plea isn't it it's
glorious glorious and then we have these little parentheses and he says
it's necessary that you my daughter what that you do what that you collect the
Hulu's botan on it's you collect the drugs
yeah and seeing the things that are about to come about in the end of this
holy book yeah it's important for you to follow these things yeah oh you Mystics of our
great power witch the great God Helios mithras ordered
should be given to me by the archangel
yeah yeah in order that I alone may Ascend
Uranus isn't that nice and that I might
oversee over C that I might boom be pulled out and be in that place
where the prophets go now he's going to give us the formula right
because he's he's told his daughter right off the bat here he said
um you're going to take all of the drugs that I'm going to tell you about at the end of this after the liturgy
and you say wait liturgy what is that liturgy and all of a sudden all of the scholars
and all of the people who wear the hats of knowledge they all spit in your face
yes and you don't even realize it you don't even realize the deal you're getting
yeah because they take this and they cover it with a layer of dung
a layer of dung let's see what actually happens let's
see what actually happens those drugs we're going to look at them and how they're prepared in a minute good news
Good News by the way on the mice is knee in front um do we have the mice I think it's this
one there we go pull that up just you know okay look the ship we went a little bit far back it was a little bit jerky
there but I want you to see this you know oh this
yes or in the um or in the Greek the
attic Greek Milda wessa right right with that diagrams ever you see that mycenae
and die gamma from the Linear B you didn't know that was there right because in attic Greek you don't see that but
that invisible letter pops in and out very important places like cold war the
uh Queen of the underworld right well look what we've got here this is
the mildo West this is the meal tell west side and what is the miltos the
miltos is the um stuff that we're looking at it's the hair
the lemon Earth baby that you put in your hair these are special special ladies special special
ladies these are powerful powerful powerful women yes you better watch out
you better watch out this is glorious I love this um let's go one more time back to the
main text yeah and I just want you to see here this last thing I'm going to talk about is that you she is now going
to give you the opening of what she is going to say
in this procedure in this mystery are you ready hear her voice
hear her voice thank you thank you patriarch thank you hear her
voice guinnesses
I you [Music] know what I just gave you I just gave
you take it down the alpha to the Omega I just gave you that you want to know
what the outfits of the Omega is you got to know some esoteric stuff and
I'm not talking about walking around like a clown with your big red nose on your big red
shoes I'm not talking about that esoteric
yeah no I'm not I'm talking about the real thing Alpha 2 Omega why do you
think they never told you because they don't study this stuff
nobody studies this stuff who has the excuse me who has the skill
philologically take it apart and tell you what it means
right they prefer not to I don't know I don't know blame Harvard blame Harvard
can we play we should have a session for blaming Harvard okay um one more time to text the main text
and I've I've got to communicate this thoroughly Genesis First Genesis of my Genesis here
is the Alpha and the Omega look at it look at that Alpha Epsilon a to Yoda Omicron oopsilon Omega you know what
those are those are the vowels those are all the vowels in Greek
those are the seven spheres you are tuning the seven spheres When
You Reach from alpha to Omega in that paragraph that we just read
that just opening paragraph This is something they will not give you right the clowns
get out of their cars nice production meaningless
what is that tuning it's the movement from alpha to Omega there are three words in that in that opening paragraph
that are directly pulled from Biblical mystery
directly now did they get it who got it from who no the biblical mystery got it
from these guys this book that we're reading
is the one Paul doesn't want you to read this is the one where that dude comes
into town he's yelling at the pythia we're all like what and he said you got to take those magic
books and you gotta throw them out you got to throw them out and I gotta redo the baptism of John
and everybody's like that's a good idea book burning is always the way to start
no they didn't do that they didn't say that they just did it because they
didn't have enough brains to say what are we doing by destroying
one thing we're supposed to generate another what kind of world is this that we live
in no no shame on them all for throwing away their books thankfully somebody
found the trash Heap and that's where we get the thing that the scholars call the mythrak liturgy
the mithric Liturgy fantastic you can find the vocabulary that Paul is using
in the PGM in the papyri greca magikai you can find
the language Paul is using you can hone down so that when Jesus says I am the alpha in the Omega that it is not a
surprise it's not a surprise to you we are
practicing rights that have been established since the Bronze Age that's
why they have the drugs in their hair is why they have the trucks in their
hair we're coming up on this again we're resurrecting this world bringing it back
okay I want to read you a little bit I'm gonna allow
chewy to hypnotize you with some images as I read to you our performance and I
want you to again set yourself in the place of the of the girl who's being
initiated and perhaps of those who were around her
who are participating in liturgy I'm gonna read it to you first origin of
my origin first beginning of my beginning Spirit of spirit the first of
the spirit in me fire given by God to my mixture of the mixtures in me the first
of the fire in me water of Water the first of the water in me earthy material
the first of the earthy material in me my complete body I
enter name here yes right enter name here
I whose mother is blank yeah blank whose mother is blank
that's interesting they're talking about matrilineous that's kind of nice it's baked into these into these
gynecological rights these are original gynecological rights this isn't the most gorgeous thing ever nothing is nothing
nothing love it okay the Mycenaean will clear all of your heads it's it's 800
years pre-hebrew okay so anybody who was gonna
plop out Jehovah don't do it by the way next uh Friday this coming Friday
um Gnostic informant I will be duking it out on the battlefield
um for a fight club and you will decide we will pull
and you will decide who is the clear Victor yes it should be a great great
fight a great fight I'm looking forward to it very much looking forward to it
if we are going to bring her back and her voice so that petrarch can stand
with us we've got to understand the power and where the power is coming from
I want you to look at images
of the power of the Uranian Queen
the power of the Uranian Queen and I want you to consider
I'm going to give this to you in one short clip I want you to consider that the rights of Bacchus
who is guiding us the rights of Bacchus and the Deep things of Satan always lead to her they
had that expression they said always Ace afrodite
so what is that Uranian power
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Music] please
[Music]
thanks to Patrick all of the symbols are there for you to pull from that that is
a compressed stream so happy fishing what I want you to feel here is that
Uranian power that Uranian drive that
causes the cosmos to turn as we step out and begin to look at the
gods as our eyes are open as we are born again
as we see the gods as we see the Gods in control
of the universe we follow the Muse yes urania is amused
you say what did you just show me that did not look like something from the museum yes that's the heart of the
museum that's why they're Bacchus has a giant dildo set up in every Temple of the
muses every Temple has in its interior a
phallic medical applicator is that something isn't that something is there
any way we're running a little bit we're running a little bit uh choppy tonight due to some kind of interference is
there any way we can show that clip again I want people to see I want to see that beginning let's see it
[Music]
[Music] um
foreign [Applause] [Music]
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]
for those of you who were able to see the symbols fantastic that monkey by the
way got five to seven um they never caught the donkey though he's he's out
um managed to evade but that monkey won't be doing that again shame on that monkey
um when you look at the animal world
and you look into the performance of the mystery you're going to see
the mirror image of the vocalizations
that you have in Ritu they're being given out by the
priestesses by the mustai and by the participant by the initiate
we should say you're going to see those utterances become a part of the
performances those are Communications remember we learn from we necromancers we learn from those Ravens we learn from
those leopards yes there's a reason we as Balkans ride the leopard have you ever ridden a
leopard I should try sometime there's a reason that we look up
we have it here we have it here look up at the sky and
tell me can you see the Gods in motion everything is becoming lucid
thank you we are bringing by the way what time is it what time is it that we're performing this right and thank
you everybody for staying what time is it that we're performing this right in Antiquity right before the sun rises you
guys all knew that you were like you were all on that I know you were you were like oh this is this thing's
probably at the pre pre-rising Sun thing where we're bringing the dawn you know if we were
heralding the dawn we would want to be a star we would want to be one of those
luciferians right one of those dawnbringers one of those Bears of the
light here she is she's being initiated let's not turn away from it let's watch her she's being initiated let's see what
happens to her I want to continue should we possess these people please
it's the least that we can do oh
with the most steadfast air that I may be born again in thought and
the sacred Spirit May breathe in me you see what she wants she wants the in
breathing of that spirit you understand that Holy Spirit that
Holy Spirit is a fire an unquenchable fire
do you like that do you see how it's shielded Aphrodite when the Christians kicked her out of the temple and and
clogged the mystery with a giant ball of feces do you see what happens to the
pipes they got all clogged up but she's still there we can hear her
Echo you can hear her Echo this is fantastic being born again
does anybody else want to be born again maybe some of you have have you been born again
do you want to be born again perhaps you want to be Unborn
yes let go he says of what you have and then you'll receive
you thought that was Jesus with the whole with the whole money corruption
thing no you're not to pass on these for any price any price in the very first
lines he says I have not pass this on for profit
yes for those of you who have every every single sale every purchase is
coming for you right now it's coming for you right now welcome to prison
yeah this is cell block Satan yeah don't you think that Satan is able
to punish Ryan it's his realm baby his realm one thing he doesn't like
greed greed stains your soy he's got guardians who stand the gates of his
kingdom and you know what they say one of them is yos for us that light bringer
and three of them are Furies and you know what they say constantly you're
this is just from the Dead Poets that tell us this your soul is staying with the stench of Ruin
because of your greed grade stains your soul is stench of Ruin
look inside yourself as you're convicted of that inner sin look inside yourself
and say what would that handsome devil want yeah he didn't want that stuff he didn't
want that stuff the money The Mortals The Watchers are watching right we love
it okay let's keep going because there's some Brilliance here there's some Brilliance here and I mean not coming
from me I'm in the light that's in the text draw in the breath from the Rays these are instructions right
draw on the breath from the Rays remember she's taking her drugs so okay this is a very a very well
handled trip all right this mystery is fantastic drawn breath from the Rays drawing up
three times as much as you can and you will see yourself being lifted up ascending to the height you'll hear
nothing either of man or of any other living thing in Greek this is uh what I
would call um a form of sibling prophecy this
expression yes you are hearing neither mortal excuse me neither human nor animal
I am an estate where I am hearing neither human nor animal
right you have cut yourself off part of the operation is producing a bubble of
Silence okay for those of you with ears to hear get back on the throne do
whatever you have to do but get back on the throne and hear this I'm about to throw five pointed stars at you this is
fantastic this is fantastic nor in that hour will you see anything of mortal Affairs on Earth but rather you will see
all Immortal things hapunta yeah all things it says
immortal notice how we're transitioning into that athanasia this is that nectar why do you
think pull that down for a minute why do you think the ancient gods are always drinking nectar
yes nectar and ambrosia they're flapping that stuff up that's
what gives them immortality you mean gods are made gods
yes those of you who love the Bible so now that
you'll eat of that tree and your eyes will be opened just like gods
yes look what we're doing we're doing Bronze Age ha thing
this is gorgeous this is gorgeous oh we love it we love it for in that day and
hour you will see the divine order of the Skies the presiding Gods Rising into heaven and other setting now the course
of the visible Gods will appear through the disc of God etc etc and he goes on to describe it
the vision that she will be put through the whole
time guiding her on what to do and it turns out she's supposed to have certain
verbal commands CA silence
silence silence this is takita some people were asking about the worship of
takita right she who no longer has that power
of speech what is her Echo
if you can capture the echo of takita you can speak dragon tongue
okay I'm gonna say that one more time if you can capture
the understanding of takita if you can take that methods
[Music] will guide you don't worry the Virgin will guide you there's a reason that she
is here right for those of you who are in the audience that just want to remind you I just want to remind you thank you
for your time and I know that most of you know this maybe one or two of you don't but democracy was created under
the tutelage of a virgin goddess
yeah yeah fantastic if you have strayed from the
Virgin goddess and you have people walking around in bags
who don't have the same ability to be educated don't have the same freedoms that you do if you don't have that
statue on the hill of the virgin anymore oh goodness how can you expect to Shield
democracy how can you expect you can't look at this right and what is doing to
the person who is going to be entering this place where they see everything functioning
can you see the Unseen see the thing is when you see the Unseen
yeah when you hear the unheard
when you are there and able to chemically open up this space
when you are able to thanks to the Renaissance to be able to do so
um you enter that space that petrarch narrates in his secret
yes the reason that petrarch could open a book at random and have a conversation with his beloved
right the entire secret is about their conversation yeah guiding you through no different
from mithras and why do they call them mithras you remember they call the
granddaughter of the son me try yeah we know that caulkian Queen we know
she is the Mitra right who have we got here that we're initiating
this is fantastic I want to read you a couple more lines we're going to stop because I don't want to keep you for
long um and I want to give you because you're giving me your time and I appreciate
that you don't have time for anything but the goods and I don't want to sell you anything
so I'm trying to bring you the best I'm trying to bring you the best yeah I mean
you can only make it tornado so many times before somebody gets wise you know
symbol of the living Incorruptible God guard me silence then make a long
hissing sound next make a popping sound and say
then you will see the gods looking graciously upon you and no longer rushing you but rather going about their
own order of Affairs so when you see that the world above is clear
remember the phrase that we have with the Buckeye yes when she is coming to
what is how how does that maddened woman
who just tore off the head of another human being that she thought was a lion
but ended up being her son how did she come out of it
she came out of it by looking up and when the sky cleared
she came back to her senses and she saw what she had done
and she knew that Bacchus was just yeah why because she had called his
mother a liar she had called his mother a liar
she said the child was a child of God and they laughed at her they laughed at
her we want to burn off the mortality in the
lightning we are burning off the mortality we are bringing you athanasia
we are bringing you that antidote
yes gorgeous gorgeous we're going to continue and we're going to show you
where she goes right and what she becomes and we're going to show you how she
moves through the initiation yes
in order to show you the workings of the gods that you can't
see yes it's it's absolutely fantastic you
can't come back from this you can't come back from this without an appreciation for
um for that virgin who stands on that hill and brings us
Victory right brings us freedom yes yes
when you change the paradigm when you take the mystery and you alter
the physics so as to reduce the version
and to exalt
the jackass and I say that
straight up donkey the donkey who carries that right
let those of you who have ears to hear hear yes on the back of that donkey
is that mystery the priest knew it and they wrote about it we showed you in the
candor right so um I want to just pull back I want to
pull back and I want to say thank you for attending
you should be able to walk within this
framework very comfortably this is the profanation of the mystery you will find
out that in the temple of Jerusalem in the temple of Jerusalem is the dote
and the antidote you will find that they were performing the rights to take them
into the Wilderness and you will find that Judaism Christianity are built upon
practice that was created in the Bronze Age and that this practice will come to
you in living flesh that you will see it as we raise those dead from their graves
have a good night I'll see you Friday
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [Music]